Code to create emulators.yaml uses backend root not project root (#8412)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

> fix: Prompt to create apphosting.emulator.yaml works with backends that are not at the project.root (#8412)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the prompt to create apphosting.emulator.yaml did not work with backends that are not at the project.root (#8412)
```

Clean up to match our usual style.
